============================================================
Half-Life 1 SDK (Or HLSDK) License
============================================================

Half Life 1 SDK Copyright(c) Valve Corp.

THIS DOCUMENT DESCRIBES A CONTRACT BETWEEN YOU AND VALVE CORPORATION ("Valve").
PLEASE READ IT BEFORE DOWNLOADING OR USING THE HALF LIFE 1 SDK ("SDK"). BY
DOWNLOADING AND/OR USING THE HALF LIFE 1 SDK YOU ACCEPT THIS LICENSE. IF YOU DO
NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE PLEASE DON'T DOWNLOAD OR USE THE SDK.

You may, free of charge, download and use the SDK to develop a modified Valve
game running on the Half-Life 1 engine.  You may distribute your modified Valve
game in source and object code form, but only for free. Terms of use for Valve
games are found in the Steam Subscriber Agreement located here:
http://store.steampowered.com/subscriber_agreement/

You may copy, modify, and distribute the SDK and any modifications you make to
the SDK in source and object code form, but only for free.  Any distribution of
this SDK must include this LICENSE file.

Any distribution of the SDK or a substantial portion of the SDK must include
the above copyright notice and the following:

    DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES.  THE HALF LIFE 1 SDK AND ANY OTHER MATERIAL
    DOWNLOADED BY LICENSEE IS PROVIDED "AS IS".  VALVE AND ITS SUPPLIERS
    DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE SDK, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
    INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
    NON-INFRINGEMENT, TITLE AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

    LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.  IN NO EVENT SHALL VALVE OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE
    FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER
    (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS,
    BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION, OR ANY OTHER PECUNIARY
    LOSS) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE ENGINE AND/OR THE
    SDK, EVEN IF VALVE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.


If you would like to use the SDK for a commercial purpose, please contact Valve
at sourceengine@valvesoftware.com.

============================================================
AMX MOD X License
============================================================

AMX MOD X LICENSE INFORMATION
VERSION: AUGUST-04-2014

AMX Mod X is licensed under the GNU General Public License, version 3, or (at
your option) any later version.

As a special exception, the AMX Mod X Development Team gives permission to link
the code of this program with the Half-Life Game Engine ("HL Engine") and
Modified Game Libraries ("MODs") developed via the Half-Life 1 SDK as full
replacements for Valve games. You must obey the GNU General Public License in
all respects for all other code used other than the HL Engine and MODs. This
extension, at your option, may also be granted to works based on AMX Mod X.

As an additional special exception to the GNU General Public License 3.0,
AlliedModders LLC permits dual-licensing of DERIVATIVE WORKS ONLY (that is,
Pawn/AMX Mod X Plugins and AMX Mod X Modules, or any software built from the AMX
Mod X header files) under the GNU General Public License version 2 "or any
higher version." As such, you may choose for your derivative work(s) to be
compatible with the GNU General Public License version 2 as long as it is also
compatible with the GNU General Public License version 3, via the "or any higher
version" clause. This is intended for compatibility with other software.

As a final exception to the above, any derivative works created prior to this
date (August 4, 2014) may be exclusively licensed under the GNU General Public
License version 2 (without an "or any higher version" clause) if and only if the
work was already GNU General Public License 2.0 exclusive. This clause is
provided for backwards compatibility only.

A copy of the GNU General Public License 2.0 is available in GPLv2.txt.
A copy of the GNU General Public License 3.0 is available in GPLv3.txt.

Some components of AMX Mod X use a license other than the GNU General Public
License. You must also adhere to these additional licenses in all respects. See
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS.txt for further details.